syllabus.md, before:

## Freshman Seminar in Physics
## Physics 0???, University of Pittsburgh *(Fall 2017)*
## Syllabus

### Course Information

Meeting Time: 1 hour/week.  Ideally at lunchtime with provided pizza.

### Instructor Information

### Books and References
1. American Institute of Physics | Society of Physics Students
Career Pathways Project "Careers Toolbox"
https://www.spsnational.org/careerstoolbox

2. "Six Easy Pieces"
Richard P. Feynman
https://www.amazon.com/Six-Easy-Pieces-Essentials-Explained/dp/0465025277

3. Historical study of 1-3 physics figures.  These will be short vignettes, supplemented with Wikipedia articles for broad details.

4. Popular summary of current discoveries.  Provide reference material when Physics Nobel prize is announced in the fall.


### Schedule
Week | Planned Material
-----|-----------------
1    | What is Physics?  What do physicists do?.  AIP Career Toolbox "Where do physics graduates go?"
2    | The Big Questions in Physics
3    | Thinking Like a Physicist.  
4    | AIP Career Toolbox "Section 1.  Options and Opportunities".  Job titles of physicists.
5    | Quantum Mechanics
6    | Intro to Department, Major and Minor options, SPS recruiting
7    | What is research?  Process, Culture, requirements for success.
8    | Stereotype threat reduction exercises
9    | Elevator speeches
10   | Post Nobel talk (scheduled for mid-Oct)
11   | Library skills
12   | Research + teaching opportunities in Department
13   | Career and Future Planning Exercise
14   | Elevator speech final round

Commit message:

Add Course Description and Grading policy.

syllabus.md, after:

## Freshman Seminar in Physics
## Physics 0???, University of Pittsburgh *(Fall 2017)*
## Syllabus

### Course Information

Meeting Time: 1 hour/week.  Ideally at lunchtime with provided pizza.

### Instructor Information

Course Description and Objectives:
Introduce first-year students to the field, practice, research, and opportunities in Physics and Astronomy.  Students will be able to describe the variety of pursuits that physicists pursue; explain both the basic and recent topics in Physics to the lay-person; understand their own career interests and potential pursuit of Physics or other disciplines. 

Prerequisites:  None

Organization of Course Content:
In-class time will focus on discussions, interactive exercises, and quick presentations.  Out-of-class time will be spent reading material and reflecting on questions about physics and the students plans for the future.

Course requirements: weekly reading, reading quizzes, various short writing assignments, in-class presentations.

Hours/week: 3

Weekly assignments:
Out-of-class activities will include readings and short writing exercises.

Grading policy:
25% participation;
25% writing assignments
25% reading quizzes
25% in-class presentation

### Books and References
1. American Institute of Physics | Society of Physics Students
Career Pathways Project "Careers Toolbox"
https://www.spsnational.org/careerstoolbox

2. "Six Easy Pieces"
Richard P. Feynman
https://www.amazon.com/Six-Easy-Pieces-Essentials-Explained/dp/0465025277

3. Historical study of 1-3 physics figures.  These will be short vignettes, supplemented with Wikipedia articles for broad details.

4. Popular summary of current discoveries.  Provide reference material when Physics Nobel prize is announced in the fall.


### Schedule
Week | Planned Material
-----|-----------------
1    | What is Physics?  What do physicists do?.  AIP Career Toolbox "Where do physics graduates go?"
2    | The Big Questions in Physics
3    | Thinking Like a Physicist.  
4    | AIP Career Toolbox "Section 1.  Options and Opportunities".  Job titles of physicists.
5    | Quantum Mechanics
6    | Intro to Department, Major and Minor options, SPS recruiting
7    | What is research?  Process, Culture, requirements for success.
8    | Stereotype threat reduction exercises
9    | Elevator speeches
10   | Post Nobel talk (scheduled for mid-Oct)
11   | Library skills
12   | Research + teaching opportunities in Department
13   | Career and Future Planning Exercise
14   | Elevator speech final round
